#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
a2wsgi==1.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
alembic==1.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
black==24.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   sentry-sdk
boto3==1.34.156
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
    #   moto
botocore==1.34.156
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-compress
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
cachelib==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-session
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
connexion[flask,swagger-ui,uvicorn]==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
cssmin==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
dparse==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
filelock==3.15.4
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.1.1
    # via flake8-pyproject
flake8-pyproject==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask[async]==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-compress
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   pytest-flask
    #   sentry-sdk
flask-assets==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-babel==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-compress==1.15
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-session==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
    #   funding-service-design-utils
flask-talisman==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-wtf==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flipper-client==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
funding-service-design-utils==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
govuk-frontend-jinja==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
identify==2.6.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
importlib-metadata==8.2.0
    # via build
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   govuk-frontend-jinja
    #   moto
    #   pytest-html
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
moto==5.0.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
msal==1.30.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
msgspec==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-session
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   dparse
    #   gunicorn
    #   prance
    #   pytest
    #   webdriver-manager
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prance==23.6.21.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pre-commit==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyee==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   msal
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyscss==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-env==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-html==4.1.1
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via pytest-html
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-selenium==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-variables==3.1.0
    # via pytest-selenium
python-consul==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   moto
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   uvicorn
    #   webdriver-manager
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   funding-service-design-utils
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   pre-commit
    #   responses
    #   uvicorn
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-redis
    #   flipper-client
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   funding-service-design-utils
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   msal
    #   prance
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   python-consul
    #   responses
    #   webdriver-manager
responses==0.25.3
    # via moto
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rich==12.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==4.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-selenium
sentry-sdk[flask]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prance
    #   pyscss
    #   python-consul
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   thrift
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   funding-service-design-utils
starlette==0.38.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
swagger-ui-bundle==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via pytest-selenium
thrift==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flipper-client
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   dparse
    #   flake8-pyproject
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-env
trio==0.26.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   a2wsgi
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   connexion
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   uvicorn
urllib3[socks]==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via pre-commit
watchfiles==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-assets
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   moto
    #   pytest-flask
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
wtforms==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-wtf
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via moto
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-compress

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
